feat(hogli): add upload-image command for PR screenshots (#69335)
PostHog/posthog: AGENTS.md

Always fill the `## 🤖 Agent context` section when creating PRs.
NEVER share sensitive information in a PR description. Users may share sensitive data in an agent session, but those should never surface to a PR description, or comments.

> **Screenshots:** Upload frontend/visual changes with `hogli pr:upload-image <file>` (PostHog employees only; public + permanent `PostHog/pr-assets`) and embed the printed markdown. The first run only warns and uploads nothing; re-run with `--yes` to confirm, and only if the image has no customer data, secrets, or internal info.

Reviewer: I think this should be made a little bit more explicit, just to be safe.

```suggestion
**Screenshots:** Upload frontend/visual changes with `hogli pr:upload-image <file>` and embed the printed markdown. The first run only warns and uploads nothing; re-run with `--yes` to confirm. Only PostHog employees can upload, but the public can permanently view these assets, so only upload the image if you're certain it doesn't contain customer data (including customer names), secrets, or sensitive internal info.
```

Author: @Piccirello applying here https://github.com/PostHog/posthog/pull/69728
